Terms of Service

Last updated: October 28, 2025

Agreement to Terms
These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) constitute a legally binding agreement between you (“you”, “your”) and Сервис «Контент-завод» (doing business as Контент-завод, “we”, “us”, “our”) governing your access to and use of our website, mobile application, API and related services (collectively, the “Service”).

Changes to Terms
We may revise these Terms at any time by posting the updated version. The “Last updated” date at the top will be revised. By continuing to use the Service after modifications, you agree to the updated Terms.

Access & Use of the Service

You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction.

You agree to use the Service in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws.

You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all hardware, software, internet access and other services needed to access the Service.

User Accounts

In order to use certain features of the Service, you must register for an account (“Account”). You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information.

You are responsible for safeguarding your Account credentials and for all activity under your Account.

User-Generated Content

You are responsible for any content you submit, upload or post through the Service (“Your Content”).

You grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, publish, transmit and display Your Content in connection with the Service.

You shall not upload or transmit content that is illegal, infringing, harmful or violates any third-party rights.

Intellectual Property

The Service and all rights therein (including software, content, trademarks, logos) are the exclusive property of Контент-завод or its licensors.

Nothing in these Terms grants you any right, title or interest in the Service except for the limited use rights expressly set forth herein.

Third-Party Services

The Service may integrate with or link to third-party services (e.g., social networks, APIs). Your use of those third-party services is subject to their own terms and you are responsible for any related activity.

Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability

The Service is provided “as is” and “as available” without any warranties.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory.

We will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising from your use of the Service.

In no event shall our total liability exceed the amount you paid us in the last 12 months or [$100] if you are a free user.

Termination

We may suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time, with or without cause.

Upon termination, your right to use the Service will cease immediately. Provisions that by their nature survive termination shall continue in full force.

Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States without regard to conflict-of-law principles.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at:
nikitasolonukha@gmail.com